Title: Daniel Ashbrook
image: danpic_1.png
date: 2015-10-16

###About me
I am an Assistant Professor in the [Department of Information Sciences
and Technologies](http://ist.rit.edu/) of the [Golisano College of
Computing and Information Sciences](http://www.rit.edu/gccis) at the
[Rochester Institute of Technology](http://rit.edu) in Rochester, New
York.

I graduated in 2009 with my Ph.D. in Computer Science from the [School
of Interactive Computing](http://www.ic.gatech.edu/) at [Georgia
Tech](http://www.gatech.edu).  Subsequently, I worked for  [Nokia
Research](http://research.nokia.com) and both [Samsung
Research](http://sisa.samsung.com) and Samsung Design before returning
to academia in 2014.

###Research
I direct the Future Everyday Technology Lab (FETLab); together with my
students I design, prototype, and study interactive technology that
may one day become woven into our everyday lives.

My research is in the area of **human-computer interaction**, where I
concentrate on new interaction techniques, devices, and applications.
Historically I have concentrated on **wearable and mobile computing**,
with the goal of allowing people to be less focused on their
technology and more engaged with the world, while still reaping the
creativity and productivity benefits of their devices. My current
research continues this thread while adding a second focus on helping
non-experts more easily understand and use **personal fabrication
technology** such as 3D printers, laser cutters, and CNC routers.
